Update product handbook (#392)
meltano/handbook: src/_product/index.md

permalink: /product/
---

> Our [iterations and scheduled work](https://github.com/orgs/meltano/projects/3) are available to the public, and we encourage anyone to [submit new issues](https://gitlab.com/meltano/meltano/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [iterations and scheduled work](https://github.com/orgs/meltano/projects/3) are available to the public, and we encourage anyone to [submit new issues](https://github.com/meltano/meltano/issues/new).
```

## Responsibilities

> The Product team will review any [new issues](https://gitlab.com/groups/meltano/-/issues) in the Meltano group on a daily cadence and organize appropriately with labels and priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Product team will review any [new issues](https://github.com/meltano/meltano/issues) in the Meltano group on a daily cadence and organize appropriately with labels and priority.
```
